Mod4 Regex
==========

You are to write a Regular Expression that matches any string with at least one number divisible by 4 (with no remainder). In most languages, you could do this easily by using number % 4 == 0. How would you do it with Regex?

A number will start with [ and end with ]. They may (or may not) include a plus or minus symbol at the start; this should be taken into account. Leading zeros may be present, and should be ignored (no octals here ;P). There may be other text in the string, outside of the number; this should also be ignored. Also, all numbers will be integers; any floats should be ignored.

If there are no valid numbers defined as above, there should be no match made by your regex.

So here are some examples: ::

"[+05620]" // 5620 is divisible by 4 (valid)
"[+05621]" // 5621 is not divisible by 4 (invalid)
"[-55622]" // -55622 is not divisible by 4 (invalid)
"[005623]" // 5623 invalid
"[005624]" // 5624 valid
"[-05628]" // valid
"[005632]" // valid
"[555636]" // valid
"[+05640]" // valid
"[005600]" // valid
"the beginning [0] ... [invalid] numb[3]rs ... the end" // 0 is valid
"No, [2014] isn't a multiple of 4..."  // 2014 is invalid
"...may be [+002016] will be." // 2016 is valid

오늘은 정규식을 이용하여 4의 배수인지 아닌지를 찾는 문제이다.

4의 배수를 찾는것은 100이 4의 배수임을 이용하여 100의 자리 아래가 4로 나누어 떨어지면 4의 배수이다.

4의 배수의 공통점을 찾아보면 1의자리가 2와 6일땐 10의자리가 홀수이고

1의자리가 4와 8, 0일땐 10의자리가 짝수이다.

따라서 다음과 같이 해결하였다.

.. code-block:: python

    import re

    class Mod:
        mod4 = re.compile(r'''(?x)
        .* \[ [+-]?
            (   \d*
                (   (?: [13579]  [26] )
                |   (?: [02468] [048] )
                )
            | [048]
            )
        \]''')